well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again the United States is a resilient
country populated by a very resourceful
people we can do more than one thing at
a time we can we fought the Germans at
the same time we were fighting the
Japanese we were fighting the Vietnam
War and working to put a man on the moon
we fought in Iraq and Afghanistan same
time we can do more than one thing at a
time we are multitasking people so why
does it always get presented as an
either/or you'd rather help migrants
then our own homeless vets I think we
can do both but to do that we got to
know how big the problem is on the
average night
forty thousand fifty six it's a number
of homeless vets on the street in an
average night forty thousand fifty-six
please remember that number what do you
need to solve that problem well in every
state and in some states you need more
than one between need a facility need to
offer food beds showers hygiene stuff
maybe a psychologist on staff
educational programs recreational
programs that's what you need to solve
the problem only a network of facilities
like that already existed more than 180
of them with enough beds to house forty
thousand five hundred and twenty people
2018 more than enough so here's my plan
we take the actual criminal aliens those
that have committed a crime in their
home country we put them in county jails
where they belong and those that haven't
well we let them out and let them come
to their court date as we should you
know by our own laws and our national
laws the Constitution would do that and
then we have 180 facilities Plus with
more than enough beds for every homeless
vet in the country and they're already
geared to house them retrain the guards
to do job reentry programs problem
solved problem solved
see the thing is the money's always been
there it's always been there for for
this to be done but the truth is most
people don't actually care about
homeless vets they want an excuse to not
help other people and they're using
homeless vets to do that and man I got
to tell you I know a whole lot of combat
vets I have never heard one say don't
help that person ever I know some that
went without Mills so they could give
that MRE to somebody that needed it more
I think it's a pretty insulting to
constantly use them as the reason to not
help somebody doesn't really fit with
their character from what I've seen and
I really find it funny when you say well
we got to help our homeless vets
meanwhile we are deporting vets you
think they got a home waiting for them
in that next country truth is you don't
actually care about almost that you want
an excuse but if you want a solution
there it is you turn these camps into
facilities to house homeless vets done
problem solved the money's there or
would you rather spend it locking up
toddlers teens people that have done
nothing wrong except work for a better
life people who have done nothing wrong
except for wanting the life that you
would probably say was guaranteed by the
actions of those vets
so the question isn't why do people want
to help migrants more than homeless vets
question is why do you want to lock up
toddlers instead of helping homeless
vets the facilities exist
they're already there there's more than
enough beds and if they do have the
conditions that everybody seems to think
they do and they're great and
everything's hunky-dory and there's no
problems
they're already designed they're already
ready just process it make it happen but
you're not going to do that because as
much as you talk about your compassion
well you're really governed by fear fear
of the other fear of spanish-speaking
toddlers anyway it's just a fault y'all
have a good night